chore: Sync the translator for otelcol.receiver.prometheus with upstream (#5308)
grafana/alloy: docs/sources/reference/components/otelcol/otelcol.processor.metric_start_time.md

`otelcol.processor.metric_start_time` accepts metrics from other `otelcol` components and sets the start time for cumulative metric datapoints which do not already have a start time.
This processor is commonly used with `otelcol.receiver.prometheus`, which produces metric points without a [start time][otlp-start-time].

> Grafana Mimir supports OTLP metric start times only if it is configured with `-distributor.otel-created-timestamp-zero-ingestion-enabled`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Grafana Mimir ingests OTLP metric start times only when it is configured with the -distributor.otel-created-timestamp-zero-ingestion-enabled flag.
Without this configuration, setting start times in Alloy has no effect on ingestion behavior.
```

Some clarification and something about "why it matters"
